right then this is the first time in
right wait where are you going
i've seen that video i already knew the
trick
oh i've been dying i have waited
three days to get mason in the car with
me to do that and he's really nice
i showed you this funny video your
instant reaction just then you got
really angry didn't you yeah
not really no hi guys welcome back
to another video i hope you're having a
lovely week a lovely day
mason and i are venturing out for one of
the first times
and we're going to meet my friend
aaliyah and annan and also i bought a
rug
yesterday oh my god did you fit in
mason's car
you just put that in absolute shambles
doesn't look right at all i don't really
know how it could have gone wrong with
it to be fair
we're going to take that back and go in
home scent she's so nice to just dress
in normal clothes for once i've just
been living in activewear and gym worth
the longest time
but yeah i just thought in this video
i'll just take you along let me show you
what i got up to
busy morning i had some like zoom
meetings
me and zoom meetings it just doesn't
seem to actually feel like i can't speak
properly on there
sorry google hangouts yeah me and
communicating over like a face time
just doesn't seem to go well like i just
strange though because this is basically
like it yeah exactly like i forgot to
fill you in on i feel like i came in to
tell you yesterday
workout wise this week i've actually had
a good week of workouts
i've been mixing up like weight training
with some e-moms
i think that's the best way to keep
things up nice and fresh you know and
also working on some really
exciting things i'm going to do some
like little bits of reveals
over the next few videos and everything
but i'm working really hard at the
moment
tell them about the uh the volume two
volume two of
my cheat code recipe book coming up to
go no review mates
so the matching of the neutral vibes
i've been
searching for some more opportunities
with what i'm doing with
um a new land a bit of property invested
in but now i'm looking to do some
developing
it's exciting i've got some
opportunities that are going around at
the moment
i can't wait to go on a holiday yeah i
can't wait to
step foot on a plane and walk down that
aisle i'm meeting aaliyah and adam
and like this young boy thing i've
definitely you guys have definitely seen
it on
my youtube what i eat in a day videos
that's like a regular it's this frozen
yogurt shop that's
legit like five minutes from my house
and our absolute go-to it's like really
low-carb as well
there's not many other places that have
opened just yet but it definitely feels
like things are getting like slowly
back to normal which is really nice and
anna got her beautiful flowers
[Music]
uh
satisfying
[Music]
sandwich
so
[Music]
so i hope it's not too dark this room is
always difficult because the lighting
sort of changes just got a shower put on
some makeup
and i've been meaning to show you how i
do my like at-home
curly blow drive after i've done my hair
i'm just going to film an assumptions
video
i'm actually nervous about it to be
honest with you see i always start by
spraying this
coconut all-in-one like treatment spray
it's also like a heat protector
if you blow drying or like using any
heat on your hair make sure you do use a
heat protectant
and i use these two brushes to blow dry
my hair
and i did initially buy that to actually
do the blow dry but
i find it much easier using this one i'm
just going to brush through
all of this i'm just going to blow dry
it so it's like
70 kind of dry
then you just go like at the root more
than anything because that's how it's
fit to get to
start by separating like my little
front bits i'm just going to tie it like
the ring right now
and then it just ties back there this
kind of vibe oh god look at the state of
my hair my roots
are just ridiculous now just fyi i'm not
like a hair stylist or anything
this is just my way that i find easiest
to blow-dry my hair at home
so my little technique is just always
like away from my face obviously
and then i just use the hand
whichever side i'm doing on my hair and
then the blow dryer with
your turnip wood
so that is that side and then i just
like to
roll it up with two fingers
just like that and one of these like
little clips and
just you know you don't actually have to
do that but i just find it easiest
to keep like whenever i'm doing the rest
of my hair it just keeps it out of the
way anyway there's always one side but
i'm right-handed so i find this
don't want upside book
[Music]
so this is everything finished it's very
messy right now i've got some bits
peeping out at left right center
but yeah this is what it all just turns
out like all around the back
and then i'm just gonna take it all out
in a second i'm just gonna tidy up
everything
so i've just like taken all the pins and
oh this actually worked quite well today
thank god for that because the last time
i did this it didn't really pan out
it's all like brush through i just go in
with some
oil to take any freezer i've got like
naturally quite wavy curly hair so
my hair is really cozy to use a little
bit of oil
there we have it
so yeah so that is how i do and i've
just
shoved my hair up again after doing that
and i'm going to the post office
um i've had a few deliveries and i've
just tried out some of the new makeup
that i got
i asked you guys on my instagram stories
the other day like
what are your like holy grails and you
were so so helpful sent me loads of
suggestions so i ordered that and it
literally came next day's delivery i was
so impressed
just tried some like under underlying
okay i was really like when i first
started wearing makeup
and i haven't really done it that much
since but i quite like it now i'm just
popping it to the post office to send
off a few bits
this is definitely the busiest i've seen
it on the roads today
just gonna send off these parcels
real quick my god
this is the largest parcel from my
protein i've ever had
right well i'm going to unbox this with
you i like to do my protein order
every month i've got a bit aggressive
with that i know why
because i got two of these
1kg bagged rolled oats these
are the best so i always get all my oats
and stuff from
my protein and i had to have instant
oats this morning because i
like ran out of these rolled ones and
you can honestly notice such a
difference like
these are so much more like fluffier
how are you doing what are you doing
so yes i picked up two of these
it's two of these huge bags of rolled
oats and i use them in everything like
my baking
my morning notes baked toast you name it
and then i want you to mix up and try
some new protein flavors because as you
probably already know
i use cookies and cream on repeat and
i really want to find some more flavors
but i remember like nicer or that i
prefer
and i can make some like new recipes
with so i've got banoffee flavor
i feel like i've got high hopes for this
one like i can imagine this being
really good i got chocolate mint but
like a stevia version
so that's more natural i don't want to
speak too soon because
i got the apple and crumble one last
time and i didn't really rate it
i also got the chocolate peanut butter
one i really hope
this one's nice because it's two of my
favorite things chocolate and peanut
butter
three bags of new protein this protein
granola in almond and honey flavor
i just got this to sprinkle on top of
like my protein yogurt and something new
that i saw
they've got is a vitamin d3 spray
i already get these mainly off amazon so
i was really happy to see that my
protein started doing them
i have these daily and like you just
squirt them in your mouth
i'd ran out completely of this zero
sugar make full
syrup ran out of peanut butter shock
like i use this again every single day
and in all my baking recipes
i really love this one for my protein
and obviously it's absolutely massive
like
probably this will last me like two and
a half weeks or something
and then i also saw the cashew butter
i'm not sure why but this is a lot more
expensive
than the peanut butter but mason was
saying apparently it's
really really nice but i've never
actually tried it i've got my two
favorite things this honestly makes me
so happy i didn't really pick up much
clothing
this one just as i don't need any at the
moment and i also
wanted to try out these heavy resistance
bandit
um like thicker than i imagined like
length ways
saying that i did get some bits of
clothes through so many white sports
bras because
my tan tends to stick to them this rose
uh crop t-shirt i've got this in white
from my protein it's really nice i like
that it comes up really high on the neck
and i get everything from my protein in
a size small and i've just got some
short socks i go through so many socks
like
i've said this a few times but they're
just blooming disintegrating in my
washing machine or
i feel like mason puts them somewhere or
does something with them
so yeah so that is everything that i got
let me know if you do want me to show
you like what i do order from my protein
quite often
but i wasn't sure if you'd actually want
to see it or not
[Music]
so my friends got me the most beautiful
flowers
these like pastely pink and white roses
have been spoiled this week just so so
sweet so i'm gonna start making some
dinner
and i'm gonna make like a roast tonight
which i've been craving
for the past few days we've had like
barbecues three days in a row i think
now so i just fancy something like a
like a comforting
i've got one of those like roasting a
bag chicken things absolutely love them
this one just takes an hour and 42
minutes so i'm going to pop that in
and whilst that's cooking i'm going to
go and get some
steps in take penelope out everything
like that
just go on in the other just so easy and
if you live like on your own or if it's
just you and one other person
you can also just have this like for a
few days in a row like in a sandwich or
something the next door salad
so form a roast i'm going to make these
little potatoes
and i boil them for like 10 minutes and
then pop them in the oven with all my
veggies and stuff to roast with some
seasoning
veggies i always like to mix these up
like with my roasts i'm just going to
have
some cabbage some swede parsnips i
almost forgot that water
for a second and then just chop some
onion i always like to put the onion
like on top of everything i just think
it makes him taste so much nicer another
little hack like
just to cut your calories a little bit i
always like to just go
you know to use more veg than potatoes
to forget my aubergine
i can't miss that one out so yeah loads
of veggies
[Music]
so these are all ready to go in the oven
completely over piled this one as we
just did something for veg
so i'm just sort of throwing that all in
all this left is
this beasto gravy and i might make some
yorkshire puddings as well
so i'm gonna end this video here i
really hope you have enjoyed this one i
would usually always show you like what
i've cooked and everything
but um i really want to get this video
up now as i can edit
it and get it up before i head out on a
little bit of a walk and then we're
literally just coming back
eating and we're probably gonna watch a
new episode of
snow pea so absolutely loving that on
netflix at the moment let me know
if you would like some more like just
chilled videos like this days in the
life just what i'm getting up to that
kind of thing
in the comments down below yeah if you
haven't already don't forget to
subscribe and
like this video and i'll see you guys in
the next one